Add vApp network resources and data sources (#455)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/vapp_org_network.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_vapp_org_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-resource-vapp-org-network"
description: |-
  Provides capability to attach existing Org VDC Network to vApp and toggle network features.
---

# vcd\_vapp\_org\_network

>  Provides capability to attach existing Org VDC Network to vApp and toggle network features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Provides capability to attach an existing Org VDC Network to a vApp and toggle network features.
```

Author: updated

> 

Reviewer 2: We need to add a note - an overview - here (and in other vApp network doc page) with a list of available vApp network types and with which resource and field you can achieve that. Right now it's hard to make sense of why we have two resources. Something like:

- Isolated - vcd_vapp_network
- Attached (?!) to Org net (?) - vcd_vapp_network.org_network_name
- Routed to Org (?) - vcd_vapp_org_network
- ...

DISCLAIMER: this is just an example, adjust to make true sense

Author: Changed description according idea from Dainius.

Reviewer 3: At least for me this is clear now.

Supported in provider *v2.7+*

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vcd_vapp_org_network" "vappOrgNet" {
  org = "my-org" #Optional
  vdc = "my-vdc" #Optional

  vapp_name         = "my-vapp"
  org_network_name  = "my-org-network"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org` - (Optional) The name of organization to use, optional if defined at provider level. Useful when 
  connected as sysadmin working across different organisations.
* `vdc` - (Optional) The name of VDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.

> * `vapp_name` - (Required) The vApp this VM should belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vapp_name` - (Required) The vApp this network belongs to.
```

Author: updated

> * `org_network` - (Required) An Org network name to which vApp network is connected to.

Reviewer 2: This should become `org_network_name`.

Author: renaming done

> * `is_fenced` (Optional) "Fencing allows identical virtual machines in different vApp networks connect to organization VDC networks that are accessed in this vApp. Default is false.

Author: fixed

* `firewall_enabled` - (Optional) Firewall service enabled or disabled. Configurable when `is_fenced` is true. Default is true. 

> * `nat_enabled` - (Optional) NAT service enabled or disabled. Configurable when `is_fenced` is true. Default is true.

Reviewer 3: Probably worth noting that `nat_enabled` won't work if `firewall_enabled=false`

Author: changed

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_vapp_org_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-resource-vapp-org-network"
description: |-
  Provides capability to attach an existing Org VDC Network to a vApp and toggle network features.
---

# vcd\_vapp\_org\_network

 Provides capability to attach an existing Org VDC Network to a vApp and toggle network features.

Supported in provider *v2.7+*

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vcd_vapp_org_network" "vappOrgNet" {
  org = "my-org" # Optional
  vdc = "my-vdc" # Optional

  vapp_name         = "my-vapp"

>  # Comment below line to create an isolated vApp network

Reviewer 2: Let's add a newline to make the new parameter (and comment) stand-out.

Author: done
